.TH "pork" 1 "July, 2005" "Pork AIM Client" "USER COMMANDS"
.SH NAME
pork \- An AOL Instant Messenger client for the UNIX console.
.SH VERSION
.TP
.B version 0.99.0
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B pork
[options]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Pork is a console based client for the AOL Instant Messenger service that
uses the ncurses screen library. Pork is intended to be fast, useable, and
stable.

Pork was written by Ryan McCabe.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\-H or --host <addr>
Use the local address specified for outgoing connections
.br
.TP
\-p or --port <port>
Use the local port specified for the main connection
.br
.TP
-h or --help
Display this help text
.br
.TP
-v or --version
Display version information and exit


.SH USAGE

To log into AIM, type /connect <username>, where <username> is your AIM
screen name.  If you don't have an AIM screen name, you can get one
at http://aim.aol.com.
.br

Pork now supports IRC. The syntax for connecting to an IRC server is /connect -irc <username> <server>[:<port>[:<password>]] [... <serverN>[:<port>[:<password>]]]
.br

When you're inside the client, type /help to find out what commands are
supported.  Type /help <command> to get help on a particular command.
.br

Below are the default key bindings.  All keys can have their bindings
changed or removed completely.  Enter the commands '/help bind' and
\'/help keys' for more information.

.SH "KEY BINDINGS"
.br
.B Default main key bindings:

CTRL+A			Move the cursor to the start of the line.
.br
CTRL+B			Move the cursor to the start of the previous word.
.br
CTRL+E			Move the cursor to the end of the line.
.br
CTRL+F			Move the cursor to the start of the next word.
.br
CTRL+H			Backspace.
.br
META+BACKSPACE		Delete the previous word on the input line.
.br
CTRL+K			Close the current window.
.br
CTRL+L			Refresh the display.
.br
CTRL+T			Toggle timestamps on messages.
.br
CTRL+U			Clear the input line.
.br
CTRL+X			Switch to the next window in the window list.
.br
CTRL+Y			Switch to the previous window in the window list.
.br
TAB				Switch the input focus to the buddy list.
.br
META+/			Command auto-completion.
.br
META+<1-9>		Switch to the window having the specified number.
.br
HOME				Scroll to the top of the display.
.br
END				Scroll to the bottom of the display.
.br
PAGE UP			Scroll the display up one page.
.br
PAGE DOWN			Scroll the display down one page.
.br
UP ARROW			Scroll the input history list up.
.br
DOWN ARROW		Scroll the input history list down.
.br
CTRL+META+X		Bind the next account to the current window.


.B Default buddy list key bindings:

END				Move the buddy list cursor to the bottom of the
				buddy list.
.br	
HOME				Move the buddy list cursor to the top of the
				buddy list.
.br	
PAGE UP			Move the buddy list cursor one page up.
.br	
PAGE DOWN			Move the buddy list cursor one page down.
.br	
UP ARROW			Move the buddy list cursor up.
.br	
DOWN ARROW		Move the buddy list cursor down.
.br	
ENTER			Collapse the group the cursor is on, or if the 
				cursor is on a user, open a conversation window 
				with that user (or go to the conversation window, 
				if one already exists).
.br	
TAB				Switch to main input focus.
.br	
CTRL+L			Refresh the buddy list display.
.br	
META+p			Remove the user under the cursor from the permit 
				list.
.br	
META+P			Add the user the cursor is on to the permit list.
.br	
META+b			Remove the user the cursor is on from the block
				list.
.br	
META+B			Add the user the cursor is on to the block list.
.br	
META+w			Warn the user the cursor is on.
.br	
META+W			Warn the user the cursor is on anonymously.
.br	
a				Get the away message of the user the cursor is on.
.br	
i				Get the profile and away message of the user the 					cursor is on.
.br	
CTRL+X			Switch to the next window in the window list.
.br	
CTRL+Y			Switch to the previous window in the window list.
.br	

.SH FILES
.TP
.B ~/.pork/porkrc  
\- The pork configuration file
.TP
.B ~/.pork/screenname.blist 
\- The buddy list for "screenname"
.SH BUGS
.TP
.B ryan@numb.org 
\- Please report bugs to this address
.SH HOMEPAGE
.TP
.B http://dev.ojnk.org
.SH AUTHORS
Pork was written by Ryan McCabe <ryan@numb.org>. 
.br
This manpage was written by Benjamin Seidenberg <astronut@dlgeek.net>. 

